Great work coding the Gaussian, class.
The more you practice writing object-oriented code,
the better you'll get at it.
Thinking about Gaussian distributions,
do you know what it means to add two Gaussian distributions together?
The math is straightforward.
Let's say you have a Gaussian distribution and another Gaussian distribution,
you want to sum these together.
To find the mean of this new distribution,
you add the means of the individual Gaussian distributions together.
To calculate the standard deviation,
you take the square root of the sum of squares of the standard deviations.
Mathematically, there's a clear definition of
what it means to sum two Gaussian distributions.
But what about in your code,
if you instantiate a Gaussian object,
and then instantiate another Gaussian object,
can you type out Gaussian a plus Gaussian b and expect to get the correct result?
No, Python doesn't have any idea how to add two Gaussian distributions together.
This code is going to produce an error.
What if I told you that there was a way to tell
Python how to add two Gaussian distributions together.
You could type Gaussian a plus Gaussian b,
and then get a new Gaussian object containing the correct mean and standard deviation.
That would be quite magical, wouldn't it?
Well, Python has a feature called magic methods
that are specifically for overriding default Python behavior.
In the next part of the lesson,
you'll practice writing magic methods